---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/reflections-campaign/history-of-faltera/214-ce-the-subjugation-of-duessel-sarde/"}
---

#events
## 214 CE - The Subjugation of [[Reflections Campaign/Encyclopedia - World of Reflections/NPCs/Duessel Sarde\|Duessel Sarde]]
Two weeks after the [[Reflections Campaign/History of Faltera/213 CE - The Falteran Massacre\|Falteran Massacre]], in a joint effort by the Hyritians, Fusillans, and fearful Odemians, a plan was set in motion to erase Duessel from the face of Faltera. A legendary blacksmith from Northwestern Fusilla, [[Reflections Campaign/Encyclopedia - World of Reflections/NPCs/Ellery Woddlespin\|Ellery Woddlespin]], forges 3 sacred relics: a tome called Stasis, a sword called Dynamo, and a bow called Horizon. The names of the heroes who wielded these relics is unknown, however each hailed from a different nation. Supposedly, Stasis was used to seal off Duessel’s dark magic, while Horizon was fired to allow Dynamo to close the distance and land the finishing blow. None know exactly how the encounter played out, however the corpse of Duessel was found, along with the Mirror. The fates of these three warriors is unknown, or if they truly existed. Their weapons were never seen again.

It is later revealed by [[Reflections Campaign/Encyclopedia - World of Reflections/NPCs/Astrid von Novis\|Astrid von Novis]] that the three warriors were Astrid herself, Sorean (now [[Reflections Campaign/Encyclopedia - World of Reflections/PCs/Bloo\|Bloo]]), and a Drow woman. Astrid wielded Stasis, Sorean wielded Dynamo, and the drow woman wielded Horizon. During this encounter, Astrid believed Sorean to have perished. Astrid is still in possession of Dynamo. 