---
title: A Fan-ducking-tastic Reunion
Number: 18
Date: 2024-07-10
gamedate: 0347-04-13
Act: "2"
publish: true
---

# A Fan-ducking-tastic Reunion

## Session 18

##### TLDR

-
- PCs Involved:
  - [[Bloo]] (DM)
  - [[Nim]]
  - [[Sarah]]
  - [[Yul]]
  - [[Quill]]
- Previous Session: [[17 - 07.03.2024 - The Aftermath]]

##### Important Things

- Nim wants to go to [[The Kingdom of Fusilla#Everholden|Everholden]] first before heading towards Vasara then taking the water route to Half Moon Bay before going to Celestial Peak

### [[The Kingdom of Fusilla#Parli|Parli, Fusilla]]

- The party is leaving Seliph's room at the Hotel de Aqua
- Bloo goes to visit Duke Aquarion for the yogurt stuff
- The students from before talk to Nim and ask to come along to [[The Kingdom of Fusilla#Ridgepeak|Ridgepeak]] - something about information regarding the Evolution of the Gods ^e32ccb
- They start heading to [[Hugo Starling|Hugo]] and [[Horace Frostdir|Horace]]
- [[Quill]] bumps into them
- Quill: Got a problem with ducks?
- Sarah: I have a problem with ducks who stab my friends
- Quill: Are you going to trust a person wearing a traffic cone?
- Sarah: I'd rather trust a person wearing a traffic cone that saved my life on multiple occasions. I trust my
- friends.
- Nim: Isn't the Queen with the duck? Doesn't that mean we have to fight her too?
- Sarah: I have problems with the Queen too but that's a separate problem
- Sarah draws her sword, Yul climbs up a tree to hide. The others grab popcorn and watch.

##### Combat: Sarah v. Quill

- Quill misty steps behind Sarah then rushes, Nat 1 on main dagger, misses the second also
- Sarah's turn, rolls high strikes twice with a smite each, knocking Quill out and knocked backwards 15 feet where his unconscious body lay

### [[The Kingdom of Fusilla#Parli|Parli, Fusilla]]

- [[Edwin]] leaves the building and drags Quill's body away, asking them to get along but explains Bloo and Quill had beef beforehand. He goes to an apothecary and explains that [[Seliph Orsterra]] sent Quill to help them bc they had adventured with Bloo before
- Hugo informs the party of the [[Crown of the Elements]] and takes Horace's wallet to treat the party to get food. ^5dbf5c
- Hugo was investigating at [[The Kingdom of Fusilla#Everholden|Everholden]] before the fish crystals, asks the party to investigate that for him and report findings
- They get soup
- Sarah argues fish is not meat. Clea and Max debated what constitutes meat for 5 minutes.
- Bloo comes in and orders the spiciest soup.
- Sees Quill and goes with it.
- They order:
  - Nim: Spicy mutton
  - Lyra: Spicy beef
  - Quill: Sour fish
  - Sarah: Spicy fish
  - Yul: Savory fish
  - Bloo: Spiciest fish
- The spicy rolls a con save, they all succeed and Nim nat 20
- They each get a mini breath weapon charge
  - 5ft cone of fire breath - 2d6 on a fail
  - Nim gets 2
- Max: щука
- Nim wants to go to [[The Kingdom of Fusilla#Everholden|Everholden]] first before heading towards Vasara then taking the water route to Half Moon Bay before going to Celestial Peak
- Seliph appears to be just as vague as ever with regards to the aberration hunting
- Edwin apologizes to Bloo again and tells them about Quill's efforts to repair the pocket dimension
- Horace gives the party the teleportation circle for Vasara and explains to the party that [[Astrid von Novis]] wants to go see [[Violet]] with renewed hope that Sorean lives on as a second life in the form of Bloo.
- Sarah protests this
- Nim's revised plan: Everholden then Vasara.
- Quill attempts to steal the fountain but gets chocolate on himself
- Horace gives Lyra and enchanted deck of cards (I will elaborate in the future) and an amulet with a purple gemstone. He said that Lyra will learn more about her heritage in [[The Kingdom of Fusilla#Havenridge|Havenridge]], and that he didn't get the same blessings she did, but he's glad that the gifts persist in the bloodline. He also gives Lyra 100 GP as part of an apology, or "child support" as Sarah continues to call it.
- He gives them the teleportation circle scroll and awkwardly leaves.
- The party decides to go see Astrid to talk about Bloo acquiring Dynamo, which is saved for the next session!

- Bloo mostly went off screen most of the session to attend to the Yogurt business, which now has a logo
- Bloo will now gain passive income that can be cashed in upon returning to Parli. The rate is 1d4 x 10 gold per day.
- Bloo's Yogurt will spread across Fusilla, and perhaps further beyond! Strawgurt for life!
